Fix creating datapackages (#180)
echemdb/svgdigitizer: doc/news/package-unit.rst

> **Changed:**
> 
> * Changed output format of JSON (datapackages).
> * Changed expected test files according to JSON output file changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Changed:**

* Changed output format of JSON (datapackages) to produce indented JSON.
```
